{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \'91Gele Scheikunde\'92 is the former chemistry faculty in Delft we were living in at the time of this graduation project. It had been sitting empty for some years and grew into some kind of inner-city fringe. From our immersed view we have tried to build an alternative perspective that reached from the urban renewal plans demolishing the building, via our own and our neighbours\'92 experiences into a speculative but realistic future it could have had. \
A variety of documents reframe what the developers had labeled obsolete before us. We aimed to transvaluate those same material conditions by always keeping them in their not-obsolete networks of use and meaning. Without ever having serious hope of actually influencing Chemistry\'92s looming disappearance, we could make claims with some weight and seriousness as they were derived directly from an unconventional but active and flourishing dwelling situation. \
In the end it produced a strategy of minimal interventions spread out over time, securing the temporal occupation we were part of as the ground for further but gradual development of the site. Small alterations to the building could make it accessible to more dwellers, while some bigger changes would also allow few public functions. By giving due attention to the peripheral requirements of long-term development, we tried to give the project the time and space in needs to benefit from the capacity of the building. It is about facilitating that use and material grow together into some more and new, rooted and reliant on each other.}